DOCS-8799 SAP Troubleshooting Edit (#1041)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: sap/5.2/modules/ROOT/pages/sap-connector-troubleshooting.adoc

[[check-log-files]]
=== Check Log Files

> Mule stores these log files (on a per application basis) in the `$MULE_HOME\logs` directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mule stores these log files (on a per-application basis) in the `$MULE_HOME\logs` directory:
```

[[enable-jco-trace]]
=== Enable JCo Trace

You can enable JCo trace externally from Mule. JCo trace accepts the following Java startup environment properties:

* `-Djco.trace_level=N` +
Where 0 \<= N \<= 10, and 10 is the most detailed trace
* `-Djco.trace_path=<PATH>` +
Optional

> JCo supports trace levels from `0` (default) to `10`. The amount of traced data increases with higher trace levels. Each trace level also contains all the trace data from the lower trace levels. If you are using a high JCo trace level with many JCo calls and transferred content, ensure that enough disk space is available.

Reviewer: "to" or "through"?

== Common Errors

> 

Reviewer: I would like to see us move toward an even more scaled template for troubleshooting topics, in which "Problem" is the troubleshooting topic subtitle in a troubleshooting container topic, and the solution is simply the steps:

== Common Errors
blah blah blah if necessary...maybe just replace with == JCo Missing Libraries Errors and move into subtopics:
=== Missing JCo Native Library
This error occurs when...
or
You notice <this symptom>
or 
<You receive the following error:>

To solve this error:
1. do this
2. do this 
3. do this

=== (Next error type, symptom, or partial message>
ditto above

Reviewer: Mysti and I had just begun talking about this when she went on leave.

==== Solution

. Click the *Add File* button next to the dependency with the red exclamation mark icon in the *Required dependencies* section.
. Browse through the dependencies and select the appropriate file. +
The missing dependencies are automatically added to the project's classpath.

[TIP]
In *Package Explorer*, right-click the project and navigate to *Build Path > Configure Build Path* to see the libraries in the project's build path.

[[error-jco-classloader-conflicts]]
=== JCo Classloader Conflicts

> ==== Problem

Reviewer: ...so instead of Problem, we have the actual type of problem or symptom that the user is experiencing or error message snippet, and Solution becomes merely the steps:
=== JCo Classloader Conflicts (if necessary)
blah
==== UnsatisfiedLinkError Exception
You receive the following exception (full syntax; use representative part for title)
To solve...:
1.
2.
3.

[[error-jco-version-conflicts]]
=== JCo Version Conflicts

==== Problem

You receive the following error:

[source,text,linenums]
----
java.lang.ExceptionInInitializerError: Native library sapjco3 is too old. Found library System-defined path to libsapjco3.so has version "720.612", but required is at least version "720.713".
----

The most frequent cause of these conflicts is that different versions of the native library and JCo JAR files are being employed.

==== Solution

Ensure that the following requirements are met:

* 64-bit JCo is required on a JVM that runs in 64-bit mode, and 32-bit JCo is required on a JVM that runs in 32-bit mode.
* On Microsoft Windows, JCo requires the Microsoft Visual Studio 2005 C/C++ runtime libraries.
* Both the `sapjco.jar`, and one of `sapjco3.dll` or `sapjco3.so` or `sapjco3.jnilib` must be from the *same JCo package*.

> To check the versions of the JCo libraries that you are using, do one of the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify the versions of the JCo libraries that you are using, do one of the following:
```

* On Windows (in the UI):
. Navigate to the directory where the `sapjco3.jar` file is located.
. Right-click the `sapjco3.jar` file.
. Select *Open With* from the context menu.

> . Click *Java 2 Platform Standard Edition* binary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the *Java 2 Platform Standard Edition* binary.
```

. Verify the information shown in the JCo dialog that displays.
* On Mac:
. Open a terminal window.
. Navigate to the directory where the `sapjco3.jar` file is located.
. Execute the command `java -jar sapjco3.jar -version`.
. Verify the information shown in the JCo dialog that displays.

[[error-jco-renaming-conflicts]]
=== JCo Renaming Conflicts

==== Problem

You receive the following error:

[source,text,linenums]
----
java.lang.ExceptionInInitializerError: Illegal JCo archive "sapjco3-3.0.11.jar". It is not allowed to rename or repackage the original archive "sapjco3.jar"
----

You cannot rename any of the SAP JCo library files in JCo 3.0.11 or later as they won't be recognized by JCo.

==== Solution

> If you are using *Apache Maven*, configure the *maven-dependency-plugin* with the attribute `<stripVersion>true</stripVersion>`. When you do this, all version numbers of the dependent libraries are stripped when copying the JCo artifacts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Apache Maven, configure *maven-dependency-plugin* with the attribute `<stripVersion>true</stripVersion>`. When you do this, the version numbers of all of the dependent libraries are removed when copying the JCo artifacts.
```
"when copying" > "when <blah> copies"?

Further information is available externally at the http://maven.apache.org/plugins/maven-dependency-plugin/usage.html[Apache Maven Dependency Plugin].

[[error-message-not-a-sap-object]]
=== Message Not an SAP Object

> ==== Problem

Reviewer: This is a perfect example of what I suggest for troubleshooting subtopic titles: the actual message, issue, symptom. No need to descend another level for Problem and Solution.

,  name='endpoint.sap.function', mep=ONE_WAY, properties={evaluateFunctionResponse=false, bapiTransaction=false, functionName=BAPI_MATERIAL_AVAILABILITY, rfcType=srfc, outputXml=true}, transactionConfig=Transaction{factory=null, action=INDIFFERENT, timeout=0}, deleteUnacceptedMessages=false, initialState=started, responseTimeout=10000, endpointEncoding=UTF-8, disableTransportTransformer=false}. Message payload is of type: byte[]
----

The endpoint is expecting an SAP object with the input parameters that are necessary to execute a BAPI or an IDoc. 

If you receive this message, either:

* The necessary input parameters were not provided
* The input parameters were provided but the SAP object is malformed

==== Solution

Create an SAP object that represents the call to the BAPI or IDoc by performing one of the following two actions:

> 

Reviewer: This intro. should lead to two options rather than two steps: * not .

> . Create XML that contains an SAP Object with the BAPI call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create XML that contains an SAP Object with the BAPI call.
```

> . Provide an XML definition that includes input to create the actual SAP call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Provide an XML definition that includes input to create the actual SAP call.
```

[[error-icoc-metadata-unavailable]]
=== IDoc Metadata Unavailable

==== Problem

> When you receive the following error, it means that the RFC destination does not support Unicode:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following error indicates that the RFC destination does not support Unicode:
```

    key: RFC_ERROR_SYSTEM_FAILURE
----

==== Solution

Use transaction *SM59* to configure Unicode support in your SAP instance.

[[error-missing-tid-handler]]
=== Missing TID Handler

==== Problem

> No TID handler is defined, and you receive the following exception:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because no TID handler is defined, you receive the following exception:
```

    at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:680)
----

==== Solution

Set `rfcType` to `trfc` or `qrfc` in `<sap:inbound-endpoint />`.

[[error-parameter-not-supported]]
=== Parameter Not Supported

==== Problem

> SAP extended properties must have valid names. If you provide an invalid property name you will get an error message similar to this one:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because SAP extended properties must have valid names, if you provide an invalid property name, you get an error message similar to this one:
```

+ 3 more (set debug level logging or '-Dmule.verbose.exceptions=true' for everything)
----

In this example, JCo libraries are reporting that the parameter with name `type` is not valid.

==== Solution

Provide a valid property name from JCo extended properties.

[[error-multiple-jco-servers]]
=== Multiple JCo Servers Running

> ==== Problem

Reviewer: ditto re. unnecessary heading hierarchy
